Update docs to include disable_reflected_list switch (#4982)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/pysupported.rst

    However, it was scheduled for deprecation from version 0.44.0 onwards due
    to its limitations. As of version 0.45.0 a new implementation, the
    so-called *typed-list* (see below), is available as an experimental
    feature. As of version 0.47.0 a new switch, ``disable_reflected_list`` is
    available from the ``numba.future`` module that can be used to opt-in to
    fully disable the reflected list for all use-cases (see below).

>     For more information, please see: :ref:`deprecation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information about the deprecation schedule, please see: :ref:`deprecation`.
```

.. note::

>     The typed-list is beginning to stabilize with Numba version 0.47.0. Using

Author: Depends, it is still missing a few dunder methods and might have a refcount bug in `pop`. However, it hasn't significantly caught fire or caused a cascade failure anywhere we know of, so it will probably be alright. And if push comes to shove we can always hotfix and release a patch version.

>     The typed-list is beginning to stabilize with Numba version 0.47.0. Using

Author: So my answer is: yes we should consider it stable.

.. note::

>     The typed-list is considered stable with Numba version 0.47.0. Using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The typed-list is considered stable in Numba version 0.47.0. Using
```

   :dedent: 4
   :linenos:

.. _feature-disable-reflected-list:

> Disable Reflected List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling Reflected Lists
```
(and update section header markup in line below)

''''''''''''''''''''''

As of Numba 0.47.0 a new switch, ``disable_reflected_list`` has been introduced
to the ``numba.future`` module. Using this switch will disable the

> *reflected-list* fully across the Numba code-base. This means, that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*reflected-list* fully across the Numba code-base. This means that the
```

> built-in constructors ``list()`` and ``[]`` will result in a *typed-list* Also,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built-in constructors ``list()`` and ``[]`` will result in a *typed-list*. Also,
```

> this means that any Python list that is passed into a Numba compiled function

Reviewer: suggestion: `This also means that...`

Author: sure

will be converted into an *immutable typed-list*.

In order to use the switch add the following statement at the module level:

.. code-block:: python

    from numba.typed import disable_reflected_list
    disable_reflected_list()  # this can be called to make linters happy

You can then use the ``list`` and ``[]`` constructors to create a *typed-list*
in a Numba compiled function:

.. code-block:: python

    from numba import njit
    from numba.future import disable_reflected_list

    @njit
    def foo():
        a = list()     # create an empty typed-list

>         b = []         # create another empty typed-list

Reviewer: this won't compile, it has no type

Author: indeed

        c = [1, 2, 3]  # create typed-list containing 1, 2 and 3
        return a, b, c # return all three

> Additionally, it is possible to hand Python lists into Numba compiled functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is possible to pass Python lists into Numba compiled functions
```

as arguments and have them converted to *immutable typed-lists*:

.. code-block:: python

    from numba import njit
    from numba.future import disable_reflected_list

    z = [1, 2, 3]

    @njit
    def foo(lst):
        acc = 0
        # if lst was a Python list, Numba has converted it into an immutable
        # typed-list
        for i in lst:  
            acc += i
        return acc

    total = foo(z)

> Immutability in this case, means that the contents of the *typed-list* can not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immutability in this case, means that the contents of the *typed-list* cannot
```

> be modified, for example using methods such as `append`, `pop` or `clear`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be modified, for example, by using methods such as `append`, `pop` or `clear`.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from numba import njit
    from numba.future import disable_reflected_list

    @njit
    def foo(lst):
        # if lst was a Python list, the following will all fail
        lst.append(3)
        lst.pop()
        lst.clear()

The reason for this limitation is that it is no longer possible to reflect any
changes made to the original. Effectively, this means that any modifications
made to the list within a Numba compiled function would not be visible outside
of that function. If you need to make modifications to the list from within a
Numba compiled function, consider using a typed-list to begin with:

.. code-block:: python

    from numba import njit
    from numba.typed import List

    @njit
    def append_three(lst):
        lst.append(3)

    l = List()
    l.append(1)
    l.append(2)

    append_three(l)
    # l now contains 1, 2, 3

> An important advantage over the previous behaviour of the reflected list, is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important advantage over the previous behaviour of the reflected list is
```

   :dedent: 4
   :linenos:

.. _feature-disable-reflected-list:

Disabling Reflected Lists
''''''''''''''''''''''''''

As of Numba 0.47.0 a switch, ``disable_reflected_list``, has been introduced to
the ``numba.future`` module. Using this switch will disable the

> *reflected-list* fully across the Numba code-base. This means that the built-in

Reviewer 2: > fully across the Numba code-base

To me, it sounds like it would affect every module that uses list. 

Maybe rephrase to:

`Referencing ``disable_reflected_list`` in a module will disable *reflected-list* fully in all Numba-compiled code inside that module.`

Author: done
